Fixes #5320 - Add new Gatwick (EGKK) ATCSMA Area 'C' (#5330)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

> x. AIRAC (2406) - New Gatwick (EGKK) ATCSMA Area 'C' - thanks to @Bucklerz (Reece Buckley)
> 
> # Changes from release 2024/05 to 2024/06
> 1. AIRAC (2406) - Update Fleetlands (EFVF) frequency - thanks to @rishab-alt
> 2. AIRAC (2406) - Added Airbus Hangar and Helipads to Oxford (EGTK) SMR - thanks to @RedstonePilot (Ben Walker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Changes from release 2024/05 to 2024/06
1. AIRAC (2406) - Update Fleetlands (EFVF) frequency - thanks to @rishab-alt
2. AIRAC (2406) - Added Airbus Hangar and Helipads to Oxford (EGTK) SMR - thanks to @RedstonePilot (Ben Walker)
3. AIRAC (2406) - Added Gatwick (EGKK) ATCSMA Area 'C' - thanks to @Bucklerz (Reece Buckley)
```
